# KLM-SUPERSTORE-ANALYSIS-USING-POWER-BI 
The dataset was uploaded using an Excel Worksheet
The Dataset contains the following worksheets Orders Table,The Returns Table and the Users Table
The Dataset was uoloaded and we transform and load to enable us clean and make the necessary changes to aid our visualization report
The Orders Table has the following Columns
Row ID	
Order ID
Order Date
Order Priority	
Order Quantity
Sales	Discount
Ship Mode
Profit	
Unit Price
Shipping Cost
Customer Name
Province
Region
Customer Segment
Product Category	
Product Sub-Category
Product Name	
Product Container	
Product Base Margin
Ship Date
The transorming had us removing and changing some of the columns that was not necessary for the insights we wanted to generate from the dataset.
THe Row ID was removed and the Order Priorityand the  ProductContainer,Product Base Margin. 
The Order Date and Ship Date was changed and a new Table Date Calender was created with which we extracted the year Quarter and month
MERGING
The Order Table was merged with the Return Table to get insights about the orders thst were returnrd,
DATA MODELLING
The Order Table was linked with the Returns Table with the primary key of OrderID
New Cplumns was created from the Order Table such as Days to Ship,ie the date diff between the OrderDate and The Ship Date
The DisinctOrdeID colum was created to know the distinct order ID
RankingSalesHighest Column to know the ranking of the sales generated By the Customer
Finally our Visualtiong report using Power BI 
THE FOLLOWING QUESTIONS WHERE ANSWERED IN OUR VISUALIZATION REPORT

Which product category has the highest sales?
What are the top 3 and bottom 3 regions with regards to sales?
What was the total sales of appliances in the regions?
What shipping cost incurred the most cost using which shiping mode?
Who are the most valuable customers and what did they purchase?
Which small business customer had the highest sales?
Which coporate customer placed the most orders in 2009-2012? 
How many orders were placed by the corporate customers?
Which consumer customer was the most profitable one?
Which customers returned items and what segment did the belong?
